The Company allows employees and/or contractors to work remotely.
All endpoints have up-to-date antivirus, antimalware.
Access is provisioned… principle of least privilege.
MFA is required to secure all privileged/admin accounts.
Access rights and privileges are reviewed at least annually.
Access rights are reviewed when an employee changes roles.
Passwords are unique with complexity rules.
Automatic account lockout occurs.
Password frequency changes are required at regular intervals.
Passwords must be encrypted in transit.
At least 2 parameters used for 2FA/MFA (Passwords, Smart card, Biometrics, Certificates, One-time password devices, ID badges, Rotating authenticator apps).
Shared credentials are strictly prohibited.
Network firewall and/or host-based firewall for workstations.
Network IDS or IPS deployed.
Network vulnerability scans are performed.
Penetration tests are performed.
Antivirus software is deployed.
Anti-malware software is deployed.
Workstations/servers scanned for viruses in real-time.
Encryption in place for data/credentials in transit.
Encryption enabled for data at rest.
Critical vulnerabilities are patched.
Information assets are risk-classified.
Process to remove data/destroy media before decommissioning equipment.
All endpoints have up-to-date antivirus, antimalware, and other security software.
MFA required to secure all methods of remote access.
Remote connections are fully segregated entry points (VPN/RDP/etc.).
Both remote and target workstations encrypt data in transit and at rest.
Employees must protect proprietary company and customer info.
Documented Change Management process.
Established IT Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC).
Separation between dev/test/staging and production.
SDLC includes communicating discovered vulnerabilities to developers.
SDLC includes integration and acceptance testing.
Changes/updates to production systems must be tested before deployment.
Documented Business Continuity Plan.
Identification, Investigation, Containment, Recovery, Remediation, Lessons Learned.
Hardware, software… asset inventory.
The Company collects, stores, uses, transfers, accesses, protects, and/or secures both consumer PII.
MFA is required for access to critical systems or consumer PII.
Consumer PII in transit is protected by encryption.
Policies and procedures require secure disposal of consumer PII.
Access to consumer PII is limited based on the need to know.
